\documentclass{article}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\begin{document}

\subsection{Machine Learning Techniques for Detection of Website Phishing: A Review for Promises and Challenges}

Websites phishing is a cyber-attack that targets online users to steal their sensitive information including login credentials and banking details. Attackers fool the users by presenting the masked webpage as legitimate or trustworthy to retrieve their essential data. Several solutions to phishing websites attacks have been proposed such as heuristics, blacklist or whitelist, and Machine Learning (ML) based techniques. This paper presents the state of art techniques for phishing website detection using the ML techniques. This research identifies solutions to the website's phishing problem based on ML techniques. The majority of the examined approaches are focused on traditional ML techniques. Random Forest (RF), Support Vector Machine (SVM), Naïve Bayes (NB), and Ada Boosting are the powerful ML techniques examined in the literature.

The paper briefs about different kinds of phishing attacks like spear phishing,clone phishing, whaling etc, and provides an overview of the machine learning-based challenges and techniques.This survey paper also identifies deep learning-based techniques with better performance for detecting phishing websites compared to the conventional ML techniques. Challenges to ML techniques identified in this work includes overfitting, low accuracy, and ML techniques' ineffectiveness in case of unavailability of enough training data. This research suggests that Internet users should know about phishing to avoid cyber-attacks. This paper also points out the proposal for an automated solution to phishing websites.

Phishing attacks present negative impacts on web owners and end-users. The reputation of website owners becomes questionable when attackers launch an attack, and as a result of it, website users lose their sensitive information. This survey paper has revealed information about the advantages of the ML techniques for the detection of phishing websites. Results demonstrated that ML methods are effective in eradicating phishing. However, all phishing-related problems have been not yet resolved by ML techniques. The research and the development of new approaches is an ongoing process as attackers think about new phishing ideas and develop new phishing methods every day.

Phishing cannot be completely eradicated in a day, and due to its pervasiveness, it will not disappear in the near future. Therefore, comprehensive research needs to be undertaken to resolve the website's phishing problem. This paper identifies several challenges to phishing detection and ML-based techniques. The inefficiency of ML techniques on a large amount and images data, and websites with captcha information has been identified. Overfitting, low accuracy, and hyper tuning of ML techniques are widely studied in the literature. The small size of datasets to train the ML techniques is another challenge as identified in this research.

It is also suggested that an automated framework should be proposed based on ensemble learning and deep learning techniques in future works.

\bibliographystyle{plain}
\bibliography{bib}

\end{document}
